added documentation for automatic updates (mainnet only) (#260)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/desktop-wallet/update-application.rst

.. _update-application:

===========================

> Updating the desktop wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the desktop wallet
```

Author: I don't think I get this. In my opinion "Update ..." sounds like a request to the reader, where as "Updating ..." sounds more like an introduction to a topic?

Reviewer: It's not standard in documentation anymore to start with an -ing verb or a gerund (it used to be a couple of years ago). It's more common to use the infinitive. Alternatively, you could write Automatic updates of the Desktop Wallet or How to update the Desktop Wallet.

Author: I'll leave it for you to decide, so I'll apply the suggestion 🙂 thanks for clarifying.

===========================

.. contents::
    :local:
    :backlinks: none
    :depth: 1

> The desktop wallet application will automatically update itself on **MacOS**, **Windows**, and **Linux** (though only for the AppImage distribution).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Desktop Wallet installs updates automatically on **MacOS**, **Windows**, and **Linux** (though only for the AppImage distribution).
```

Automatic updates
=================

> When notified about an update being available, you can select either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Desktop Wallet notifies you when an update is available, and you then have the following options:
```

> * **Restart and Install** to install the update, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Restart and Install** to install the update
```

* **Remind me** to be notified again the next time you open the application.

> If you choose to update the application, the update process will automatically ensure the integrity of the downloaded files before applying the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to update the application, the update process automatically ensures the integrity of the downloaded files before applying the update.
```

.. note::
    If the integrity of an update cannot be verified, the update is rejected. The verification step is there to make sure the update is an official release from Concordium, and has not been tampered with by malware.

Manually updating
=================

> To manually update the desktop wallet, simply go to the :ref:`downloads page<downloads-desktop-wallet>`, to download the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually update the desktop wallet, go to the :ref:`downloads page<downloads-desktop-wallet>` and download the latest version.
```
